<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="t_how_to_wash_with_stackable_machines.dita">
  <title>Washing Clothes in a Stackable Machine</title>
  <shortdesc id="stackable-shortdesc">
      University Housing apartments have an in-unit stackable laundry machine. Stackable machines are free for residents.
  </shortdesc>
    <prolog>
      <metadata>
      <audience type="laundry-user" experiencelevel="novice"/>
      </metadata>
    </prolog>
  <taskbody>
    <prereq>
      <p conref="t_washing_communal_laundry.dita#t_washing_communal_laundry/wash-prereq">
        washing materials
      </p>
      <p>
        <note type="note">The stackable's bottom machine is the washing machine.</note>
      </p>
    </prereq>
    <!-- Since the instructions are the same as communal I have used a conref for the steps-->
      <steps conref="t_washing_communal_laundry.dita#t_washing_communal_laundry/wash-laundry-steps">
        <step>
          <cmd>Put dirty clothes in the washing machine drum located at the bottom of the stackable unit.</cmd>
        </step>
        <step importance="optional">
          <cmd>Separate clothes by color and fabric type to prevent damage or color bleeding.</cmd>
        </step>
        <step>
          <cmd>Add the appropriate amount of detergent to the washing machine.</cmd>
          <choices>
            <choice>If using a pod, put it in the washing machine drum before adding clothes.</choice>
            <choice>If using liquid or powdered detergent, put it into the detergent compartment in the pull-out drawer, typically located on the top section of the machine.</choice>
          </choices>
        </step>
        <step importance="optional">
          <cmd>Add bleach and/or fabric softener to their respective compartments in the drawer if needed.</cmd>
        </step>
        <step>
          <cmd>Close the washing machine door securely.</cmd>
        </step>
        <step>
          <cmd>Select the appropriate wash settings on the control panel, usually located above the washing machine door.</cmd>
          <info>
            <note type="tip">The settings will reset to default after each use, so check the panel before each wash cycle.</note>
          </info>
        </step>
        <step>
          <cmd>Press the start button to begin washing.</cmd>
        </step>
      </steps>
    <postreq>
      <p conref="t_washing_communal_laundry.dita#t_washing_communal_laundry/laundry-post">
       laundry postreq
      </p>
    </postreq>
</taskbody>
</task>