<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="t_how_to_remove_oil">
<title>Removing Oil-Based Stains</title>
  <shortdesc>Different types of fabrics may require different cleaning approaches, as they can react differently to stain removers and washing techniques. These instructions can be used when washing cotton or cotton-blend clothes.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <audience type="laundry-user" experiencelevel="novice"/>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <taskbody>
    <prereq>
      <p>You will need the following materials:
        <ul>
          <li>Heavy-duty laundry detergent</li>
          <li>Enzyme-based stain remover (spray or gel)</li>
          <li>Cornstarch or talcum powder</li>
          <li>Soft-bristled brush</li>
          <li>Dull knife, spoon</li>
          <li>Small bowl</li>
          <li>Paper towels or napkins</li>
          <li>WD-40 (for set-in stains)</li>
        </ul>
      </p>   
    </prereq>
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>Remove any excess oil residue</cmd>
        <choices>
          <choice>If the stain is fresh and there is no solid residue, blot the oily area with a paper towel or napkin to absorb excess oil.</choice>
          <choice>If their is solid residue, gently lift it away with the edge of a dull knife or spoon</choice>
        </choices>
      </step>
      <step importance="optional">
        <cmd>If the stain is older or set-in, carefully dab a small amount of WD-40 onto the stained area with a cotton swab.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Generously apply cornstarch or talcum powder to the stain to absorb as much oil as possible.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Allow the powder to sit on the stain for about 15 minutes to fully absorb the oil</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Brush the powder away with a soft-bristled brush.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Pretreat the stain with an enzyme-based stain remover spray or gel.</cmd>
        <info>
          <note type="note">If an enzyme-based remover isn't available, apply a heavy-duty liquid detergent directly to the stain and gently work it in with a soft-bristled brush or by rubbing the fabric with your fingers.</note>
        </info>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Let the stain remover sit on the stain for at least 15-30 minutes to allow enzymes to break down the oil.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Wash the clothes in the hottest water recommended for the fabric, using the recommended amount of heavy-duty laundry detergent.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Examine the stained area after washing.</cmd>
        <info>
          <note type="attention">Do not put the clothes in the dryer until you are confident that the stain has been removed. Air-dry the clothes if you're unsure, as dryer heat can set in the stain permanently.</note>
        </info>
      </step>
    </steps>
    <postreq>
      <p>
        <note type="tip">Avoid letting oil stains set into the fabric, as this make it more difficult to remove</note>
        <note type="attention">Do not rub or scrub the stain without a cleaning solvent, this can push the oil further into the fabric.</note>
        <note type="attention">Always confirm the stain is fully removed before putting clothes in the dryer. The heat can set the stain permanently</note>
      </p>
    </postreq>
  </taskbody>
</task>
