<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="t_how_to_remove_coffee">
<title>Removing Coffee Stains</title>
  <shortdesc>Different types of fabrics may require different cleaning approaches, as they can react differently to stain removers and washing techniques. These instructions can be used when washing cotton or cotton-blend clothes.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <audience type="laundry-user" experiencelevel="novice"/>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <taskbody>
    <prereq>
      <p>Materials needed
        <ul>
          <li>Liquid laundry detergent</li>
          <li>Powdered laundry detergent</li>
          <li>White vinegar</li>
          <li>Laundry stain remover</li>
          <li>Toothbrush</li>
          <li>Paper towels or cloth</li>
          <li>Dishwashing liquid (optional)</li>
          <li>Salt or baby powder (for fresh stains)</li>
        </ul>
      </p>
    </prereq>
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>Rinse the coffee stain with cold water from the back of the fabric.</cmd>
        <info>
          <note type="tip">For fresh stains, apply salt or baby powder to absorb excess coffee before rinsing. Allow the powder to sit for a few minutes, then rinse.
          </note>
        </info>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Rinse for 10-15 minutes, or until the water runs clear.</cmd>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Apply liquid laundry detergent or dish soap directly to the stain.  rub it in with your fingers.</cmd>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Rub the soap in gently with your fingers.</cmd>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
        <choices>
          <choice>For fresh stains, let the detergent sit for 3-5 minutes before rinsing.</choice>
          <choice>For older stains, soak the garment in cold water for 30 minutes after applying detergent. Gently rub the fabric every 5 minutes to loosen the stain.</choice>
        </choices>
      </step>
      <step importance="optional">
        <cmd>If the stain remains, create a paste using powdered laundry detergent, water, and white vinegar. Apply the paste to the stain and use an old toothbrush to scrub it into the stain.</cmd>
          <substeps>
            <substep>
              <cmd>Apply the paste to the stain.</cmd>
            </substep>
            <substep>
              <cmd>Use a toothbrush to scrub the paste into the stain</cmd>
            </substep>
          </substeps>
        <info>
          <note type="caution">Test the paste on a hidden area of the garment to ensure it does not discolor the fabric before applying to the stain.</note>
          <note type="note">For fresh stains, apply salt or baby powder to absorb excess coffee before rinsing. Allow the powder to sit for a few minutes, then rinse.</note>
        </info>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Apply a stain remover to the area and let sit for 5 minutes before washing as normal.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Ensure the stain is gone before drying.</cmd>
        <info>
          <note type="tip">Hold clothes up to a bright light to check for any remaining stain. Repeat treatment steps if stain is not gone.</note>
        </info>
      </step>
    </steps>
    <postreq>
      <p>Avoid machine drying until the stain is fully removed.</p>
      <p>For white clothing with lingering stains, mix 1/4 cup chlorine bleach with 1 gallon of water, soak for 5 minutes, rinse thoroughly, and wash as normal.</p>
    </postreq>
  </taskbody>
</task>