<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="t_washing_laundry_with_stackable_machines">
<title>Washing clothes in stackable laundry machines</title>
  <shortdesc>Instructions for using stackable laundry machines commonly found in shared housing facilities.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
  <prereq>
      <p>People must bring their own laundry detergent, fabric softener, bleach, and any other cleaning agents they would like to use.</p>
    </prereq>
 <section>
      <title>Washing clothes</title>
      <steps>
        <step>
          <cmd>Put dirty clothes in the washing machine drum located at the bottom of the stackable unit.</cmd>
          <choices>
            <choice>Optional: Separate clothes by color and fabric type to prevent damage or color bleeding.</choice>
          </choices>
        </step>
        <step>
          <cmd>Add the appropriate amount of detergent to the washing machine.</cmd>
          <choices>
            <choice>If using a pod, put it in the washing machine drum before adding clothes.</choice>
            <choice>If using liquid or powdered detergent, put it into the detergent compartment in the pull-out drawer, typically located on the top section of the machine.</choice>
            <choice>Optional: Add bleach and/or fabric softener to their respective compartments in the drawer if needed.</choice>
          </choices>
        </step>
        <step>
          <cmd>Close the washing machine door securely.</cmd>
        </step>
        <step>
          <cmd>Select the appropriate wash settings on the control panel, usually located above the washing machine door.</cmd>
          <info>Note: The settings will reset to default after each use, so check the panel before each wash cycle.</info>
        </step>
        <step>
          <cmd>Press the start button to begin washing.</cmd>
        </step>
      </steps>
    </section>
<section>
      <title>Drying Clothes</title>
      <steps>
        <step>
          <cmd>Transfer the washed clothes from the washing machine to the dryer drum, located on top of the stackable unit.</cmd>
          <choices>
            <choice>Optional: Add dryer sheets or wool dryer balls to reduce static and add softness.</choice>
          </choices>
        </step>
        <step>
          <cmd>Close the dryer door securely.</cmd>
        </step>
        <step>
          <cmd>Select the appropriate drying settings on the dryer control panel, usually located above the dryer door.</cmd>
          <info>Note: Select a lower heat setting for delicate or synthetic fabrics to prevent damage.</info>
        </step>
        <step>
          <cmd>Press the start button to begin the drying cycle.</cmd>
        </step>
      </steps>
</section>
    <postreq>Users can always set a personal timer to keep track of the remaining wash and dry time.</postreq>
</taskbody>