<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="t_saving_money_doing_laundry_at_home">
  <title>How to save money doing laundry at home</title>
<shortdesc>
    Learn budget-friendly laundry tips to save money on water, energy, and detergent while ensuring your clothes are clean and well-maintained.
  </shortdesc>
  <taskbody>
    <context>As a student, laundry expenses can add up quickly. Here are some practical tips to save money while making the most of your resources.</context>
    <steps-unordered>
      <step>
        <cmd>Wash full loads only</cmd>
          <substeps>
            <substep>
              <cmd>Only wash full loads of laundry to save water, detergent, and energy.</cmd>
              <info>
                <note type="attention">Overloading machines reduces cleaning effectiveness.</note>
              </info>
            </substep>
          </substeps>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Use cold water</cmd>
        <substeps>
            <substep>
              <cmd>Use cold water to save energy and help prevent colors from fading.</cmd>
            </substep>
          </substeps>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Choose affordable and efficient detergent</cmd>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Buy cheaper store-brand detergents.</cmd>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Use concentrated detergents that require less per wash to save money over time.</cmd>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Air dry clothes</cmd>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Air dry clothes on hangers or racks to save energy and make your clothes last longer.</cmd>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Skip fabric softener</cmd>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Fabric softeners are an additional and unecessary cost.</cmd>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Clean your washing machine regularly</cmd>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Run an empty cycle with vinegar once a month to remove buildup.</cmd>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Clean machines operatre more efficiently, cleaning clothes in less time.</cmd>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
    </steps-unordered>
  </taskbody>
  </task>