<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<!-- Be sure to correct indentation issues throughout your model. For example, note the shortdesc. -->
<!-- This is a task topic instead of a concept topic. Instead of using steps, though, you can use a steps-unordered: https://www.oxygenxml.com/dita/1.3/specs/langRef/technicalContent/steps-unordered.html with a choicetable perhaps. -->
<!-- 
  - Consider another concept topic to provide that will support one of the tasks better. Perhaps you elaborate on water temperature for washing and heat temperatures for drying.
-->
<concept id="c_saving_money_doing_laundry_at_home">
  <title>How to save money doing laundry at home</title>
<shortdesc>
    Discover simple tips to cut laundry costs!
  </shortdesc>
  <conbody>
    <p>As a student, laundry expenses can add up quickly. Here are some budget-friendly laundry tips to help you save money while making the most of your resources.</p>
    <ul>
      <!-- No p tag needed, as it is just another block element. -->
      <li>
        Wash full loads only: Wait until you have a full load to reduce the number of cycles you need to run, saving on water, energy, and detergent. Avoid overloading, because it can reduce cleaning effectiveness.
      </li>
      <!-- <li>
        <p>Wash full loads only: Wait until you have a full load to reduce the number of cycles you need to run, saving on water, energy, and detergent. Avoid overloading, because it can reduce cleaning effectiveness.</p>
      </li> -->
      
      <li>
        <p>Use cold water: Washing with cold water saves energy because it doesn’t require heating. Most clothes get just as clean in cold water, and it helps prevent colors from fading.</p>
      </li>
      
      <li>
        <p>Choose affordable and efficient detergent: Buy store-brand detergent, because it is usually cheaper. Look for concentrated formulas that require less per wash, helping you save money over time.</p>
      </li>
      
      <li>
        <p>Air dry when possible: Avoid using the dryer to save on energy costs. Air drying clothes on a rack or hangers is free, and it also helps your clothes last longer.</p>
      </li>
      
      <li>
        <p>Skip fabric softener: Fabric softeners can be an extra cost, and they’re not necessary for every load.</p>
      </li>
      
      <li>
        <p>Clean your washing machine regularly: A clean washer operates more efficiently, helping your clothes come out cleaner in less time. Run an empty cycle with vinegar once a month to remove buildup.</p>
      </li>
    </ul>
    
    <!-- Again, paragraphs should use the below corrected formatting. -->
    <p>
      With these simple changes in your laundry routine, you can cut down on laundry expenses and make your budget go further. Saving a little with each wash can add up to big savings over time!
    </p>
  </conbody>
</concept>