<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="c_stain_science">
  <title>The Science of Stain Removal</title>
  <shortdesc>
    Stain removal involves breaking down or lifting stains from fabric. Knowing the type of stain and the right cleaning method can make the process easier.
  </shortdesc>
  <conbody>
    <section>
      <title>Types of Stains</title>
      <p>Different types of stains need different treatments:</p>
      <dl>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>Protein stains</dt>
          <dd>Stains from organic materials ex. blood, sweat, egg. Use cleaners with enzymes.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>Oil stains</dt>
          <dd>Greasy stains from butter, oils, makeup, etc. Use soap or detergents to break up the oil.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>Tannin stains</dt>
          <dd>Plant-based stains ex. coffee, tea, wine. Use a mild acidic cleaner like vinegar.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>Dye stains</dt>
          <dd>Pigments that discolor fabics ex. ink, berries. Use special cleaners or bleach to remove.</dd>
        </dlentry>
      </dl>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Helpful Cleaning Ingredients</title>
      <p>These ingredients help remove stains:</p>
      <ul>
        <li><b>Soap and detergents:</b> Lift dirt and grease.</li>
        <li><b>Enzymes:</b> Break down tough stains like food or sweat.</li>
        <li><b>Bleach:</b> Lightens or removes color stains.</li>
        <li><b>Solvents:</b> Help dissolve sticky or oily stains.</li>
      </ul>
    </section>
    <section>
     <title>Temperature and Water Type</title>
      <p>Water temperature affects stain removal:</p>
      <ul>
        <li>Cold water for protein-based stains.</li>
        <li>Warm water for food stains to activate enzymes in cleaners.</li>
        <li>Hot water is good for greasy stains, but not on delicate fabrics.</li>
      </ul>
   </section>
   <section>
    <title>Common Mistakes to Avoid</title>
      <p>Here are some common mistakes and how to avoid them:</p>
      <ul>
        <li>Using hot water on protein-based stains makes them set in the fabric.</li>
        <li>Rubbing stains hard can push them deeper into the fabric.</li>
        <li>Using the wrong cleaner for the stain type.</li>
      </ul>
    </section>
  </conbody>
</concept>
